Random thoughts, to be organized better later:::

Music: 2016 to the present (mid-2018), bass-heavy drones have been my primary musical expression of choice. I've written a list 
of references listeners can refer to if interesed, but I'll start with a memory: In junior high school (possibly earlier) the 
family had a consumer grade Yamaha PSR keyboard. I chose a sound which sustained at full amplitude until the key was released, 
and held down the lowest two keys on the keyboard (likely a C and C#). The resultant sound was a throbbing bass tone which 
entranced me, and I listened to it for some time. At the time it was just a feeling, but in hindsight I think I wanted a way to 
slowly shift the speed of the beating. Now I make drones which are clear descendants of this experience, and are closer to my 
vision: those in the "Classic Beats" series. These are exclusively made with analog synthesis with standalone synths, Eurorack 
modular, and Little Bits synth kits. Should I ever get to the point where I'm "known" for a kind of music, I would want it to 
be these drones. Though I'd want to have my digital audio drones, some of which are not yet released, also considered part of 
the work I would be "known" for. 

Humans: My own conception of the potential of people to live together, collaborate, problem solve, and work out conflict has 
been deeply influenced by my experiences attending Quaker youth gatherings in the New England area. The events were retreats 
(mostly a weekend long, but the midwinter one would be longer), Summer camp sessions of two weeks which included non-Quaker 
young people, and the annual New England Quaker gathering of all ages. All of the above were overwhelmingly white and middle 
class, which led to much attention on gender/sex/sexuality, and very little about race and socioeconomics, and how all of the 
above intertwine. I had a better education on HIV and AIDS at the junior high group of one of the annual gatherings than I did 
in my school's health class, though the latter was better than many people got at the time. A man came to the junior high 
meeting room and told his story. At the beginning he had asked everyone to write down a question for him to answer. He went 
through and answered every single one. This was before there were medications which could make the virus undetectable, 
somewhere in the early/mid 1990s, and I learned he had passed away when I was in high school.  

Jobby things: I got my BA in sociology because I liked studying social theory--it was exciting, and fit into the "potential of 
people" mentioned above in the Humans section. I graduated, tried doing homeless outreach in NYC just after 9/11, and promptly 
ditched that pursuit. After a few years of retail in CD and bookstores, I went to massage therapy school, which was a 
fascinating experience: it allowed me to bridge the relatively wide mind/body gap I had at the time by learning anatomy and 
physiology and then that same week putting that knowledge into hands-on practice. At my school (Bancroft, Worcester, MA), 
students worked on, and were worked on by each other, so we learned how the work is done correctly, as well as how it feels 
when done correctly. I tend to love the school environment and learning in general, so massage seemed great until I tried to 
do massage therapy as a job. It was a lot of physical work and left me exhausted and in need of my own massage therapist. I 
also learned that the best way to earn a living as a massage therapist was to own your own business, something which has never 
been my ideal; when I leave work, I want to leave work entirely, and not have to think about it while at home. So I returned to 
retail, which I left as soon as I could to go into a sort of social work, doing skill building within underserved youth in the 
Cape Cod area. It was one-on-one work in the community, which means we weren't at their home or school. I loved my co-workers, 
boss, and clients, but my personal phone was also my work phone, I had to do case notes at home on my work laptop which were 
due Mondays at noon, and had to schedule my own appointments which could change week-to-week depending on clients' schedules. 
This job's permeable work/home life barrier wore on me to such a degree that I weighed the most I've ever in my life, and I 
don't usually give a thought to my weight. It was stress, and I needed an out. Cerise (my partner, love of my life, etc.) had 
a connection who mentioned the place he just got a job was hiring, and that it might be a good fit. I got the job after 
tweaking my resume appropriately, and two rounds of interviews. It's a 9-5 office job, which means I have a structure; it's a 
salary, which means I have regular income (not dependent on schedule like retail, or massage); it's a job where some of my 
strengths are useful, and that's a good feeling because my bosses value this; my bosses will tell me what I need to work on, 
and remind me of my strengths--sometimes easy to forget for many people, since we can often dwell on the things we need to work
on more (or "areas of need" in my job's lingo). I've never felt my job as part of my identity, and that is still true of this
current job of Medical Case Manager working with people living with HIV. However, this is the first time that my values and 
the organization's values are in sync with each other, and as such I feel that I've taken on "employee of the AIDS Support 
Group of Cape Cod" as part of my identity. 
